well it's emerged that some Israeli
soldiers have been posting content
online showing Palestinian detainees
which legal experts say could be in
breach of international law BBC verifies
Merlin Thomas has
more since Israel's military response to
the October 7th attacks our
investigation has found several videos
on social media sites like Tik Tok and
YouTube all linked to the accounts of
Israeli
soldiers this isn't a beach party it's
the front line of Israel's war with Gaza
soldiers have been documenting their
time in an active war zone posting
content on social media some of those
videos show Palestinian
detainees we've identified several of
the soldiers uploading these videos and
the locations they've been posting from
in Gaza this is one of the videos we've
analyzed it was uploaded onto YouTube by
an IDF Soldier Yosi Gamul
Lova detain stripped to their underwear
in a sports stadium in Northern Gaza
some kneeling and blindfolded one of the
soldiers in the video is a leftenant
colonel which we identified by the
Insignia on his uniform suggesting he's
aware that filming is taking place Mr
Lova also uploaded another video where a
soldier is seen interrogating a man
stripped to his underwear and
bleeding he's then walked through the
streets of Gaza Barefoot the IDF said
the soldier who posted the video has
been fired and that the daine has been
released we've shown this footage to
Human Rights experts who say the filming
of Dain and the publication of such
videos May breach international law
Warfare in the information age gives us
unique access to the front
line but for some this conflict is
simply a backdrop for their social media
content we ask the Israel Defense Forces
for its response about each of these
incidents but they haven't come back to
us
yet and that report was by Merlin Thomas